# Meeting Notes
In this file, you are required to take notes for your weekly meetings. 
In each meeting, you are required to discuss:

1. What each member has done during the week?
2. Are there challenges or problems? Discuss the possible solutions
3. Plan for the next week for everyone
4. Deviations and changes to the project plan, if any

# Weekly meeting Sprint 3 9.12.2024 9:00-10:00

**Participants**: 
1. Leevi
2. Nicke
3. Andrei
4. Martin

## Summary of works
See [Sprint 3 group meeting 9.12](https://aaltofi-my.sharepoint.com/:p:/r/personal/martin_j_haggblom_aalto_fi/_layouts/15/doc2.aspx?sourcedoc=%7B24F0A547-3126-44F4-B9C5-441F961E4BDF%7D&file=Donatello%20rolling%20meeting%20memo.pptx&action=edit&mobileredirect=true&DefaultItemOpen=1&ct=1733723732165&wdOrigin=OFFICECOM-WEB.MAIN.REC&cid=202b4ec5-80b6-47bb-8683-2c0522b72a8c&wdPreviousSessionSrc=HarmonyWeb&wdPreviousSession=4d641512-b8b9-486f-9109-fd7f28f5103a) for more info.

## Challenges

1. Valgrind causes a lot of messages in terminal but not in Qt, but nothing seems to be related to the code the team produced. Asked setup channel in Discord for more advice on how to track potential issues related to the code the team produced.

## Actions
1. Leevi: ​

* Prio1: "Project documentation" contribution prior Thu evening: [Testing + Work log](https://plus.cs.aalto.fi/elec-a7151/2024/M7-Projects/s2-guidelines/#project-documentation). ​
* Prio2: Afterwards possible add ADVANCED: Sounds (e.g. turtle hits boundries).​

2. Nicke: "Project documentation" contribution prior Thu evening: [Overview + Instructions for building and using the software​](https://plus.cs.aalto.fi/elec-a7151/2024/M7-Projects/s2-guidelines/#project-documentation).

3. Andrei: 

* Andrei lead of demo presentation tomorrow Tue. Using Leevi's json file for drawing geometric figures in the demo. Asking team members for input at end of demo presentation. 
* "Project documentation" contribution prior Thu evening: [Software structure](https://plus.cs.aalto.fi/elec-a7151/2024/M7-Projects/s2-guidelines/#project-documentation).

4. Martin: Follow-up on Valgrind feedback from Qt people. Add lint to project.

## Project status 
Project demo presentation done. Work divided for submitting Project documentation prior Fri 13.12.

### TODOs
See actions.

# Weekly meeting Sprint 3 2.12-8.12 on Discord

**Participants**: 
1. Leevi
2. Andrei
3. Martin
4. Nicke

## Summary of works, Challenges, Actions

See [Sprint 3 group meeting 2-8.12](https://aaltofi-my.sharepoint.com/:p:/r/personal/martin_j_haggblom_aalto_fi/_layouts/15/doc2.aspx?sourcedoc=%7B24F0A547-3126-44F4-B9C5-441F961E4BDF%7D&file=Donatello%20rolling%20meeting%20memo.pptx&action=edit&mobileredirect=true&DefaultItemOpen=1&ct=1733723732165&wdOrigin=OFFICECOM-WEB.MAIN.REC&cid=202b4ec5-80b6-47bb-8683-2c0522b72a8c&wdPreviousSessionSrc=HarmonyWeb&wdPreviousSession=4d641512-b8b9-486f-9109-fd7f28f5103a) for more info.

# Sprint review 3 meeting 26.11.2024 9:00-9:45

**Participants**: 
1. Leevi
2. Andrei
3. Martin
4. Kasper

**Not present**:
1. Nicke

## Summary of works
See [Sprint 3 review meeting 26.11](https://aaltofi-my.sharepoint.com/:p:/r/personal/martin_j_haggblom_aalto_fi/_layouts/15/doc2.aspx?sourcedoc=%7B24F0A547-3126-44F4-B9C5-441F961E4BDF%7D&file=Donatello%20rolling%20meeting%20memo.pptx&action=edit&mobileredirect=true&DefaultItemOpen=1&ct=1732603345962&wdOrigin=OFFICECOM-WEB.MAIN.REC&cid=cb431ab5-378b-42cd-acd1-55d6430d65d6&wdPreviousSessionSrc=HarmonyWeb&wdPreviousSession=7dbe0932-aed9-4568-a297-c1d2d71871db) for more info.

## Challenges

See [Sprint 3 review meeting 26.11](https://aaltofi-my.sharepoint.com/:p:/r/personal/martin_j_haggblom_aalto_fi/_layouts/15/doc2.aspx?sourcedoc=%7B24F0A547-3126-44F4-B9C5-441F961E4BDF%7D&file=Donatello%20rolling%20meeting%20memo.pptx&action=edit&mobileredirect=true&DefaultItemOpen=1&ct=1732603345962&wdOrigin=OFFICECOM-WEB.MAIN.REC&cid=cb431ab5-378b-42cd-acd1-55d6430d65d6&wdPreviousSessionSrc=HarmonyWeb&wdPreviousSession=7dbe0932-aed9-4568-a297-c1d2d71871db) for more info.


## Actions
1. Deprioritize additional features in Issue board → Done
2. Add MainWindow cleanup&instructions to issue board → [Done](https://version.aalto.fi/gitlab/haggblm1/donatello-oop-cpp/-/issues/26)
3. Add Lint issue to project →  [Done](https://version.aalto.fi/gitlab/haggblm1/donatello-oop-cpp/-/issues/24)
4. Add feedback regarding project demo into Issue board → [Done](https://version.aalto.fi/gitlab/haggblm1/donatello-oop-cpp/-/issues/21)
5. Add feedback regarding project documentation into Issue board → [Done](https://version.aalto.fi/gitlab/haggblm1/donatello-oop-cpp/-/issues/23)
6. Add feedback regarding testing into Issue board → [Done](https://version.aalto.fi/gitlab/haggblm1/donatello-oop-cpp/-/issues/20)
7. This week the professor will return with available time slots for project demo options next week.
 

## Project status 
Enough features in project. Focus rest of project on quality assurance and finalization of project based on A+ instructions.

### TODOs
See actions.

# Weekly meeting Sprint 3 25.11.2024 9:00-10:00

**Participants**: 
1. Martin
2. Andrei
3. Leevi
4. Nicke

## Summary of works
1. Leevi

Refacroting of application done mostly. Keeping issue open for adding upcoming refactoring/fixing needs. Functional local version of Turtle movment animated - planning to push later today.

2. Nicke

   Pair programming with Leevi last week. Visualise turtle agent done. Valgrind works and no Valgrind problems reported of project.

3. Andrei

Drawing options implmented.

4. Martin

Load commands from file implemented.

## Challenges

1. Generally to keep up communication on Discord when pushing changes or estimating when will push some larger changes.

## Actions
1. Leevi: Work on "EXTRA: Turtle movement animated" and "ADVANCED: Sound"
2. Nicke: Work on "OTHER: Project documentation" this week. Nicke to send on Discord info on how Valgrind is checked.
3. Andrei: Work on "OTHER: Project demo presentation" this week.
4. Martin: Work on "OTHER: Tests" issue this week.

## Project status 
Seems to be well on track.

### TODOs
See actions.

# Weekly meeting Sprint 3 18.11.2024 9:00-9:45

**Participants**: 
1. Martin
2. Andrei
3. Leevi

**Not present**
1. Nicke

## Summary of works
1. Leevi
   
   Qt run set-up - project works. Tested how to animate turtle movmement.

2. Andrei

   Integratation of MainWindow – Turtle class fixed. MainWindow implemented.

3. Martin

   Agent stays inside of window. Commands from command line fixed.

## Challenges

1. Leevi: Earlier limited time to get up to speed with project.
2. Andrei: The quality of the code is degrading with additional features. Need to refactor application.
3. Martin: Issue board updated by Martin, but all should as well add new issues/modify the issues during the sprints.

## Actions (issues to work on during week)
1. Leevi: OTHER: Refactor application (good way to get into project) + EXTRA: Turtle movment animated (if got time)
2. Andrei: ADDITIONAL: Drawing options.
3. Martin: ADDITIONAL: Execute command scripts.
4. Nicke: OTHER: Ensure application stability and correctness with Valgrind + BASIC: Visualise turtle agent. Both to be confirmed with Nicke.

## Project status 
Project is on quite good track. Everyone is starting to get up to speed with the project. Identified need to put effort on quality of existing application code identified and actions taken.

### TODOs
See Actions.

# Sprint 2 review meeting 12.11.2024 9:00-9:45

**Participants**: 
1. Martin
2. Kasper
3. Nicke

***Not present***
1. Leevi
2. Andrei (joined at the end, and got meeting breif from Martin&Nicke)

## Summary of works
See [Sprint 2 review meeting 12.11](https://aaltofi-my.sharepoint.com/:p:/r/personal/martin_j_haggblom_aalto_fi/_layouts/15/doc2.aspx?sourcedoc=%7B24F0A547-3126-44F4-B9C5-441F961E4BDF%7D&file=Donatello%20rolling%20meeting%20memo.pptx&action=edit&mobileredirect=true&DefaultItemOpen=1&ct=1731394233639&wdOrigin=OFFICECOM-WEB.MAIN.EDGEWORTH&cid=aef80cf7-3cfd-48aa-8112-712886fa1154&wdPreviousSessionSrc=HarmonyWeb&wdPreviousSession=fdb726d4-04af-412c-9773-ff0ed05eaf89) for more info.

## Challenges
See [Sprint 2 review meeting 12.11](https://aaltofi-my.sharepoint.com/:p:/r/personal/martin_j_haggblom_aalto_fi/_layouts/15/doc2.aspx?sourcedoc=%7B24F0A547-3126-44F4-B9C5-441F961E4BDF%7D&file=Donatello%20rolling%20meeting%20memo.pptx&action=edit&mobileredirect=true&DefaultItemOpen=1&ct=1731394233639&wdOrigin=OFFICECOM-WEB.MAIN.EDGEWORTH&cid=aef80cf7-3cfd-48aa-8112-712886fa1154&wdPreviousSessionSrc=HarmonyWeb&wdPreviousSession=fdb726d4-04af-412c-9773-ff0ed05eaf89) for more info.

## Actions
1. Martin to update Issue board with the principle as small issues as possible and as detailed described as possible.
2. Andrei integrate Turtle Prototype MainWindow implementation into Master branch. See [BASIC: Begin implementing/theorycrafting Canvas class](https://version.aalto.fi/gitlab/haggblm1/donatello-oop-cpp/-/issues/5) for more info
3. Kasper to check how to set-up Valgrind in Qt and return to group on Discord
4. Kasper to check how setup project run for Windows and revert to Nicke on Discord
5. All put placeholder for Project demo Wed 4.12 15:30-16:30
6. Kasper inform on Discord on final project demo time


## Project status 
Project on track.

### TODOs
See Actions.

# Meeting 11.11.2024 9:00 - 9:45

**Participants**: 
1. Martin
2. Andrei
3. Leevi

**Not present**:
1. Nicke. Did not reach him via Discord nor by other communication means.

## Summary of works
1. Martin
   
   Hard coaded agent path works in Turtle_class branch. 
   Known issues: i) Agent can go outside of window boundries ii) setDraw(true) - setDraw(false) commands used instead of (pen) up -    (pen) down commands (perhaps not an issue, if just documenting properly in a README.md file?)

2. Andrei

   Last week went to setting up the project in Qt. Now works.

3. Leevi

   No contribution since on vacation last week and this week. Will compensate instead with more contribution in Sprint #3.

4. Nicke

   Presumable no contribution neither since might be on vacation?

## Challenges

1. Canvas QML element now in Main.qml. Would it be better to implmenet own Canvas class for it?

## Actions
1. Martin: Merge Turtle_class to Master branch. Tue-Fri: Other topics based on feedback from Kasper in Sprint #2 review
2. Andrei: If MainWindow not started by Nicke, Andrei can start with this on Monday.
3. Leevi: Assure that project runs. Communicate with Nicke on other non-Discord media: i) Nicke to assure project runs as well this week ii) Check if Nicke has done anything on MainWindow
4. Nicke: Assure that project runs. Let team now if started to implement anything on MainWindow yet.

## Project status 
First version where agent draw hard coaded figure ready. Agenda for sprint #2 review meeting with Kasper 12.11 @ 9:00:

**Sprint #2 review**
1. Demo + feedback
2. MainWindow and Canvas class needed or everything into Main.qml as now? Based on that fix that agent can not go outside of window into Main.qml or Canvas class.
3. Allowed to change (pen) down and (pen) up to more descriptive commands as long as instructed e.g. in README.md?

**Other topics:**
1. Recommendations on how to split work for Sprint #3 e.g. Member 1: command line interface, Member 2: load and save file, Member 3: Drawing options, Member 4: 3D Graphics?
2. Is it required that the turtle movement is animated? If so at what stage (Basic, Additional or Advanced feature)
3. Project demo date and time?
4. Valgrind check how? 

### TODOs
See actions.

# Weekly meeting sprint 2, 4.11.2024 18:00-19:00

**Participants**: 
1. Martin
2. Andrei
3. Nicke
4. Leevi

## Summary of works
1. Project plan submitted 1.11

## Challenges

1. All group members not able to run made project template.
2. Challenging to plan in more detail at this point, so need to start to code to get better holistic view.

## Actions
1. Martin to share in group Discord channel how project template was created, so that other group members can ask in Qt University & Talent Network server -> setup channel for how to solve specific setup problems
2. Martin to work on "Begin implementing Turtle class" issue
3. Nicke to work on "Begin implementing MainWindow" issue
4. Leevi to work on "Begin implementing/theorycrafting CLI/CommandProcessor" issue
5. Andrei to work on "Begin implementing/theorycrafting Canvas class" issue
6. Group agreed on sprint review 2 remote meeting with Kasper 12.11 @ 9:00-10:00 and sprint review remote meeting 3 with Kasper 26.11 @ 9:00-10:00. Martin sends Teams links to all.
7. Project demo meeting 4.12 @ 15:30-18:00 works for the team. Martin to propose to Kasper time.
8. Agreed that Martin keep group, sprint review, and project demo meeting memos in mandatory [Meeting-notes.md](https://version.aalto.fi/gitlab/haggblm1/donatello-oop-cpp/-/edit/master/Meeting-notes.md) + [Issue board](https://version.aalto.fi/gitlab/haggblm1/donatello-oop-cpp/-/edit/master/Meeting-notes.md) in GitHub. Also agreed that then Andrei-Leevi-Nicke takes care of Project doucmentation ([A++ section 2.6 Project documentation](https://plus.cs.aalto.fi/elec-a7151/2024/M7-Projects/s2-guidelines/#project-documentation)) then instead.

More info in 
* [Group meeting notes 4.11](https://aaltofi-my.sharepoint.com/:p:/r/personal/martin_j_haggblom_aalto_fi/_layouts/15/doc2.aspx?sourcedoc=%7B24F0A547-3126-44F4-B9C5-441F961E4BDF%7D&file=Esitys.pptx&action=edit&mobileredirect=true&DefaultItemOpen=1&ct=1730190494010&wdOrigin=OFFICECOM-WEB.MAIN.REC&cid=0aa95a7d-c8c2-4ff2-befe-7ebc91c1bfd6&wdPreviousSessionSrc=HarmonyWeb&wdPreviousSession=c1b10fd1-683b-48ee-8e10-3da7b129feb2)
* [Issue board](https://version.aalto.fi/gitlab/haggblm1/donatello-oop-cpp/-/boards)

## Project status 
On track.

### TODOs
See actions

# Sprint 1 review meeting 29.10.2024 10:00-11:30

**Participants**: 
1. Martin
2. Andrei
3. Nicke
4. Leevi
5. Kasper

## Summary of works
See [Sprint review meeting notes 29.10](https://aaltofi-my.sharepoint.com/:p:/r/personal/martin_j_haggblom_aalto_fi/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7B24F0A547-3126-44F4-B9C5-441F961E4BDF%7D&file=Esitys.pptx&action=edit&mobileredirect=true&DefaultItemOpen=1&ct=1730190494010&wdOrigin=OFFICECOM-WEB.MAIN.REC&cid=0aa95a7d-c8c2-4ff2-befe-7ebc91c1bfd6&wdPreviousSessionSrc=HarmonyWeb&wdPreviousSession=c1b10fd1-683b-48ee-8e10-3da7b129feb2)) for more detials.

## Challenges

See [Sprint review meeting notes 29.10](https://aaltofi-my.sharepoint.com/:p:/r/personal/martin_j_haggblom_aalto_fi/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7B24F0A547-3126-44F4-B9C5-441F961E4BDF%7D&file=Esitys.pptx&action=edit&mobileredirect=true&DefaultItemOpen=1&ct=1730190494010&wdOrigin=OFFICECOM-WEB.MAIN.REC&cid=0aa95a7d-c8c2-4ff2-befe-7ebc91c1bfd6&wdPreviousSessionSrc=HarmonyWeb&wdPreviousSession=c1b10fd1-683b-48ee-8e10-3da7b129feb2)) for more detials.

## Actions
1. Martin finalize Schedule of Project plan by Thu
2. Andrei finalize Architecture of Project plan by Thu
3. Nicke finalize graphics of Project Plan by Thu
4. Leevi finalize features of Project plan by Thu
5. Group review whole Project Plan prior DL on Fri 1.11

## Project status 
On track, but project plan requires improvement as per A++ instructions and Kasper's guidance (see [Sprint review meeting notes 29.10](https://aaltofi-my.sharepoint.com/:p:/r/personal/martin_j_haggblom_aalto_fi/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7B24F0A547-3126-44F4-B9C5-441F961E4BDF%7D&file=Esitys.pptx&action=edit&mobileredirect=true&DefaultItemOpen=1&ct=1730190494010&wdOrigin=OFFICECOM-WEB.MAIN.REC&cid=0aa95a7d-c8c2-4ff2-befe-7ebc91c1bfd6&wdPreviousSessionSrc=HarmonyWeb&wdPreviousSession=c1b10fd1-683b-48ee-8e10-3da7b129feb2)) for more info)

### TODOs
See actions

# Sprint 1 planning meeting 23.10.2024 15:00-16:00

**Participants**: 
1. Martin
2. Andrei
3. Nicke
4. Leevi

## Summary of works
NA

## Challenges

NA

## Actions
1. Martin: Setting up git (group agreement that no merge request approvals), set-up Discord channel, agree meeting time with advisor (preferably Tue 29.10 morning)

Actions related to making project (see [A++ section 2.4 Project plan](https://plus.cs.aalto.fi/elec-a7151/2024/M7-Projects/s2-guidelines/)) for more info) plan DL 1.11:

2. Andrei: High level structure of the software and planned use of external libraries. Group agreement to use Qt as IDE.
   monster classes.
3. Nicke: Scope of the work.
4. Leevi: More detailed plans for the sprints. Group agreement that as a starting point groups will be mainly available on Mon-Tue for the project.

## Project status 
On track.

### TODOs
See actions.


# Meeting d.mm.2021 HH::MM

**Participants**: 
1. Member 1
2. Member 2
3. Member 3
4. Member 4 

## Summary of works
1. Member 1 
   
   Implementing the class XX. Tested the class XX. 
   Results are in `tests/<class-xx-tests>`. Resolved the identified problems.

2. Member 2

   Same as above

3. ...

## Challenges

1. The integration of UI with the monsters requires an abstract interface.
2. ...

## Actions
1. Member 1 is going to look into defining an abstract interface for monsters 
   to enable easy UI integration.
2. Member 2 is going to work with Member 1 to use abstract interface in derived 
   monster classes.
3. Member 2 is going to test the interface.
4. Member 3 is going to use ...

> Please reflect these action decisions in your git commit messages so that 
> your group members and advisor can follow the progress.

## Project status 
Short summary of current project status. 

### TODOs
1. Member 1: Write an action.
2. ...
